Update yarn Ubuntu installation instructions (#248)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/02-system/03-tools/02-nubook.mdx

   sudo apt install git
   ```

> 2. Install Node.js version 14 by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions/blob/master/README.md#installation-instructions) and running the commands under "Node.js v14.x".

Reviewer: I believe this should work with Node 16, will double check in the lab today. 16 is the current LTS so we should stick to that if possible

Reviewer: Node 16 works too, I reckon we go with that

Author: Okay, I will go through the setup again and see if I can get the later versions to work.

Author: You're correct, Node 16 worked for me as well.

> 3. Install the latest version of Yarn

Reviewer: You should just be able to do `npm -g install yarn` after installing Node 🤔 is there a reason you are installing yarn directly from source? Installing a specific version of Node and then the latest version of yarn could potentially introduce a conflict whereas npm will manage the version properly

Reviewer: API has slightly changed but yeah the way I would do this would be
`curl -fsSL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_16.x | sudo -E bash -
sudo apt-get install -y nodejs
npm install yarn --location=global`

Reviewer: Might be worth updating the instructions here as well https://github.com/NUbots/NUbook/blob/main/src/book/03-guides/01-main-codebase/01-getting-started.mdx

Author: `npm -g install yarn` wasn't working for me for some reason and was able to with `npm install --global yarn
` I will go through the setup again tonight and verify which commands work / don't.

Reviewer: The npm one may need to run as sudo

Author: Okay, so after I went from Pop_OS version 22.0x -> 22.0x, the original installation works.

Author: Whatever is currently there written works, provided you install Node 16 over 18. So I will update it.

> 2. Install the latest version of Node.js by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions/blob/master/README.md#installation-instructions) (pick the latest version).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install Node.js version 14 by following the instructions [here](https://github.com/nodesource/distributions/blob/master/README.md#installation-instructions) and running the commands under "Node.js v14.x".
```

since the latest doesn't seem to work

Author: Yes. Was thinking to put that but got slack, absolutely should.
